feat: add audit_last_run_end_time metric (#2235)
open-policy-agent/gatekeeper: website/versioned_docs/version-v3.7.x/audit.md

Prometheus metrics provide an aggregated look at the number of audit violations:

> * `gatekeeper_audit_last_run_time` provides the timestamp of the most recently started audit run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `gatekeeper_audit_last_run_time` provides the start time timestamp of the most recent audit run
```
